Refactor build system (#235)
NVIDIA/TransformerEngine: docs/installation.rst

.. code-block:: bash

  pip install git+https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine.git@stable

> This will automatically detect any installed deep learning frameworks and build support for them. Set `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` in the environment (as a comma-separated list) to explicitly specify which frameworks to support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will automatically detect supported deep learning frameworks installed and build TransformerEngine for them. Set `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` in the environment (as a comma-separated list) to explicitly specify which frameworks to support.
```

Author: What about:

This will automatically detect if any supported deep learning frameworks are installed and build Transformer Engine support for them. To explicitly specify frameworks, set the environment variable `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` to a comma-separated list.

> This will automatically detect if any supported deep learning frameworks are installed and build Transformer Engine support for them. To explicitly specify frameworks, set the environment variable `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` to a comma-separated list.

Reviewer 2: Could you add an example of that list (just for clarity)?

.. code-block:: bash

  pip install git+https://github.com/NVIDIA/TransformerEngine.git@main

> This will automatically detect any installed deep learning frameworks and build support for them. Set `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` in the environment (as a comma-separated list) to explicitly specify which frameworks to support.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will automatically detect supported deep learning frameworks installed and build TransformerEngine for them. Set `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` in the environment (as a comma-separated list) to explicitly specify which frameworks to support.
```

> This will automatically detect if any supported deep learning frameworks are installed and build Transformer Engine support for them. To explicitly specify frameworks, set the environment variable `NVTE_FRAMEWORK` to a comma-separated list.

Reviewer 2: Same.
